<h2>Condition Check</h2>
<p>Learn to use conditionals in Python to check conditions and tell the computer what to do in each case.</p>
<pre>
if &lt;this condition is true&gt;:
    &lt;then execute this line of code&gt;
</pre>

<h3>What if the condition is false?</h3>
<p>The <code>else</code> keyword is used to define a block of code that will execute if the condition checked in the <code>if</code> statement is false.</p>
<pre>
if pigs_can_fly:
    &lt;Some code that will never execute&gt;
else:
    print("This is real life")
</pre>

<h2>Python Indentation</h2>
<p>Understand the importance of indentation in Python as a way to make certain lines of code subsidiaries of other lines of code.</p>
<pre>
if 5 > 2: # This is a parent line of code
    print("yes") # This is a child line of code
</pre>

<h2>Comparator Operators</h2>
<ul>
    <li><code>&gt;</code> Greater than</li>
    <li><code>&lt;</code> Less than</li>
    <li><code>&gt;=</code> Greater than or equal to</li>
    <li><code>&lt;=</code> Less than or equal to</li>
    <li><code>==</code> Equal to</li>
    <li><code>!=</code> Not equal to</li>
</ul>

<h2>Modulo Operator</h2>
<p>The modulo operator gives you the remainder of a division.</p>
<pre>
6 % 2 # will be 0
6 % 5 # will be 1
6 % 4 # will be 2
</pre>

<h2>Nesting and elif</h2>
<p>You can put <code>if/else</code> statements inside other <code>if/else</code> statements. This is known as nesting.</p>
<pre>
if maths_score >= 90:
    if english_score >= 90:
        print("You're good at everything")
    else:
        print("You're good at maths")
if english_score >= 90:
    print("You're good at English")
</pre>

<h2>Multiple Ifs</h2>
<p>You can write as many <code>if</code> statements as needed to check different conditions that are unrelated to each other.</p>

<h3>If/elif/else</h3>
<pre>
if &lt;condition 1 is true&gt;:
    &lt;do A&gt;
elif &lt;condition 2 is true&gt;:
    &lt;do B&gt;
else:
    &lt;do C&gt;
</pre>

<h3>Nested if statements</h3>
<pre>
if &lt;condition 1 is true&gt;:
    &lt;do A&gt;
    if &lt;condition 2 is true&gt;:
        &lt;do B&gt;
        if &lt;condition 3 is true&gt;:
            &lt;do C&gt;
</pre>

<h3>Multiple if statements</h3>
<pre>
if &lt;condition 1 is true&gt;:
    &lt;do A&gt;
if &lt;condition 2 is true&gt;:
    &lt;do B&gt;
if &lt;condition 3 is true&gt;:
    &lt;do C&gt;
</pre>

<p>In the <code>if/elif/else</code> block, only one of A, B, or C can happen, because <code>if/elif/else</code> are mutually exclusive.</p>
<p>In the nested <code>if</code> statements, A, B, and C can all happen, but conditions 1, 2, and 3 must all be true.</p>
<p>In multiple <code>if</code> statements, A, B, and C can all happen independently.</p>

<h2>Logical Operators</h2>
<ul>
    <li><code>A and B</code> - Both conditions need to be true.</li>
    <li><code>C or D</code> - Only one condition needs to be true.</li>
    <li><code>not E</code> - The condition must be false.</li>
</ul>
